doc/init.md, before:

Sample init scripts and service configuration for monetaryunitd
==========================================================

Sample scripts and configuration files for systemd, Upstart and OpenRC
can be found in the contrib/init folder.

    contrib/init/monetaryunitd.service:    systemd service unit configuration
    contrib/init/monetaryunitd.openrc:     OpenRC compatible SysV style init script
    contrib/init/monetaryunitd.openrcconf: OpenRC conf.d file
    contrib/init/monetaryunitd.conf:       Upstart service configuration file
    contrib/init/monetaryunitd.init:       CentOS compatible SysV style init script

1. Service User
---------------------------------

All three startup configurations assume the existence of a "monetaryunit" user
and group.  They must be created before attempting to use these scripts.

2. Configuration
---------------------------------

At a bare minimum, monetaryunitd requires that the rpcpassword setting be set
when running as a daemon.  If the configuration file does not exist or this
setting is not set, monetaryunitd will shutdown promptly after startup.

This password does not have to be remembered or typed as it is mostly used
as a fixed token that monetaryunitd and client programs read from the configuration
file, however it is recommended that a strong and secure password be used
as this password is security critical to securing the wallet should the
wallet be enabled.

If monetaryunitd is run with "-daemon" flag, and no rpcpassword is set, it will
print a randomly generated suitable password to stderr.  You can also
generate one from the shell yourself like this:

bash -c 'tr -dc a-zA-Z0-9 < /dev/urandom | head -c32 && echo'

Once you have a password in hand, set rpcpassword= in /etc/monetaryunit/monetaryunit.conf

For an example configuration file that describes the configuration settings,
see contrib/debian/examples/monetaryunit.conf.

3. Paths
---------------------------------

All three configurations assume several paths that might need to be adjusted.

Binary:              /usr/bin/monetaryunitd
Configuration file:  /etc/monetaryunit/monetaryunit.conf
Data directory:      /var/lib/monetaryunitd
PID file:            /var/run/monetaryunitd/monetaryunitd.pid (OpenRC and Upstart)
                     /var/lib/monetaryunitd/monetaryunitd.pid (systemd)

The configuration file, PID directory (if applicable) and data directory
should all be owned by the monetaryunit user and group.  It is advised for security
reasons to make the configuration file and data directory only readable by the
monetaryunit user and group.  Access to monetaryunit-cli and other monetaryunitd rpc clients
can then be controlled by group membership.

4. Installing Service Configuration
-----------------------------------

4a) systemd

Installing this .service file consists on just copying it to
/usr/lib/systemd/system directory, followed by the command
"systemctl daemon-reload" in order to update running systemd configuration.

To test, run "systemctl start monetaryunitd" and to enable for system startup run
"systemctl enable monetaryunitd"

4b) OpenRC

Rename monetaryunitd.openrc to monetaryunitd and drop it in /etc/init.d.  Double
check ownership and permissions and make it executable.  Test it with
"/etc/init.d/monetaryunitd start" and configure it to run on startup with
"rc-update add monetaryunitd"

4c) Upstart (for Debian/Ubuntu based distributions)

Drop monetaryunitd.conf in /etc/init.  Test by running "service monetaryunitd start"
it will automatically start on reboot.

NOTE: This script is incompatible with CentOS 5 and Amazon Linux 2014 as they
use old versions of Upstart and do not supply the start-stop-daemon uitility.

4d) CentOS

Copy monetaryunitd.init to /etc/init.d/monetaryunitd. Test by running "service monetaryunitd start".

Using this script, you can adjust the path and flags to the monetaryunitd program by
setting the MonetaryUnitD and FLAGS environment variables in the file
/etc/sysconfig/monetaryunitd. You can also use the DAEMONOPTS environment variable here.

5. Auto-respawn
-----------------------------------

Auto respawning is currently only configured for Upstart and systemd.
Reasonable defaults have been chosen but YMMV.

Commit message:

Re-name MUE to SCC
MonetaryUnit -> StakeCubeCoin
MUE -> SCC

Note: clean up docs; return proper MUE copyright info

doc/init.md, after:

Sample init scripts and service configuration for stakecubecoind
==========================================================

Sample scripts and configuration files for systemd, Upstart and OpenRC
can be found in the contrib/init folder.

    contrib/init/stakecubecoind.service:    systemd service unit configuration
    contrib/init/stakecubecoind.openrc:     OpenRC compatible SysV style init script
    contrib/init/stakecubecoind.openrcconf: OpenRC conf.d file
    contrib/init/stakecubecoind.conf:       Upstart service configuration file
    contrib/init/stakecubecoind.init:       CentOS compatible SysV style init script

1. Service User
---------------------------------

All three startup configurations assume the existence of a "stakecubecoin" user
and group.  They must be created before attempting to use these scripts.

2. Configuration
---------------------------------

At a bare minimum, stakecubecoind requires that the rpcpassword setting be set
when running as a daemon.  If the configuration file does not exist or this
setting is not set, stakecubecoind will shutdown promptly after startup.

This password does not have to be remembered or typed as it is mostly used
as a fixed token that stakecubecoind and client programs read from the configuration
file, however it is recommended that a strong and secure password be used
as this password is security critical to securing the wallet should the
wallet be enabled.

If stakecubecoind is run with "-daemon" flag, and no rpcpassword is set, it will
print a randomly generated suitable password to stderr.  You can also
generate one from the shell yourself like this:

bash -c 'tr -dc a-zA-Z0-9 < /dev/urandom | head -c32 && echo'

Once you have a password in hand, set rpcpassword= in /etc/stakecubecoin/stakecubecoin.conf

For an example configuration file that describes the configuration settings,
see contrib/debian/examples/stakecubecoin.conf.

3. Paths
---------------------------------

All three configurations assume several paths that might need to be adjusted.

Binary:              /usr/bin/stakecubecoind
Configuration file:  /etc/stakecubecoin/stakecubecoin.conf
Data directory:      /var/lib/stakecubecoind
PID file:            /var/run/stakecubecoind/stakecubecoind.pid (OpenRC and Upstart)
                     /var/lib/stakecubecoind/stakecubecoind.pid (systemd)

The configuration file, PID directory (if applicable) and data directory
should all be owned by the stakecubecoin user and group.  It is advised for security
reasons to make the configuration file and data directory only readable by the
stakecubecoin user and group.  Access to stakecubecoin-cli and other stakecubecoind rpc clients
can then be controlled by group membership.

4. Installing Service Configuration
-----------------------------------

4a) systemd

Installing this .service file consists on just copying it to
/usr/lib/systemd/system directory, followed by the command
"systemctl daemon-reload" in order to update running systemd configuration.

To test, run "systemctl start stakecubecoind" and to enable for system startup run
"systemctl enable stakecubecoind"

4b) OpenRC

Rename stakecubecoind.openrc to stakecubecoind and drop it in /etc/init.d.  Double
check ownership and permissions and make it executable.  Test it with
"/etc/init.d/stakecubecoind start" and configure it to run on startup with
"rc-update add stakecubecoind"

4c) Upstart (for Debian/Ubuntu based distributions)

Drop stakecubecoind.conf in /etc/init.  Test by running "service stakecubecoind start"
it will automatically start on reboot.

NOTE: This script is incompatible with CentOS 5 and Amazon Linux 2014 as they
use old versions of Upstart and do not supply the start-stop-daemon uitility.

4d) CentOS

Copy stakecubecoind.init to /etc/init.d/stakecubecoind. Test by running "service stakecubecoind start".

Using this script, you can adjust the path and flags to the stakecubecoind program by
setting the StakeCubeCoinD and FLAGS environment variables in the file
/etc/sysconfig/stakecubecoind. You can also use the DAEMONOPTS environment variable here.

5. Auto-respawn
-----------------------------------

Auto respawning is currently only configured for Upstart and systemd.
Reasonable defaults have been chosen but YMMV.
